[GEN-1969] update retraction policy (#593)
Sage-Bionetworks/Genie: templates/dashboardTemplate.Rmd

> If you see samples that should not be retracted, please upload a fix to your data or let Tom Yu from Sage know immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see samples that should not be retracted, please upload a fix to your data or email genie.dcc@sagebase.org immediately.
```

If you see samples that should not be retracted, please upload a fix to your data or let Tom Yu from Sage know immediately.

For patient retractions submitted between these months, a new public release will be generated that removes the affected records. The new release will be issued no later than July or January, respectively:

* January-June

> * July-December

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* July-December

```

Reviewer: @danlu1 this needs a line break i think

Author: Yes, I figured earlier today but it gives me enlarged July-December anyway when generating dashboard in docker container. I might have done something wrong, say not updating this file but thought I did.. Thanks for pointing it out.

Author: Fixed.
